README.md, before:

# ElectionAnalysis

## Project Overview
The purpose of this project is to gather data from a recent congressional election and summarize the results of the election for the client. The client asked us to do the following:

1. Calculate the toal number of votes cast.
2. Get a complete list of candidates who received the votes.
3. Calculate the total number of votes each candidate received.
4. Calculate the percentage of votes each candidate received.
5. Determine the winner of the election based on popular vote.

## Resources
- Data Source: election_results.csv
- Software: Python 3.8.9, Visual Studio Code, 1.68.1

## Summary
The analysis of the election results show the following:
- The total number of votes in the election was 369,711
- There was a total of three candidates running in the election
    - Charles Casper Stockham
    - Diana DeGette
    - Raymon Anthony Doane
- The individual candidate results were:
    - Charles Casper Stockham received 23.0% of the votes and had a total of 85,213 votes.
    - Diana DeGette received 73.8% of the votes and had a total of 272,892 votes.
    - Raymon Anthony Doane received 3.1% of the votes and had a total of 11,606 votes.
- The winner of the election was:
    - Diana DeGette who received 73.8% of the votes and had a total of 272,892 votes.

## Challenge Overview

## Challenge Summary

Commit message:

Added the Module 3Challenge Overview and Summary to the README file

README.md, after:

# ElectionAnalysis

## Project Overview
The purpose of this project is to gather data from a recent congressional election and summarize the results of the election for the client. The client asked us to do the following:

1. Calculate the toal number of votes cast.
2. Get a complete list of candidates who received the votes.
3. Calculate the total number of votes each candidate received.
4. Calculate the percentage of votes each candidate received.
5. Determine the winner of the election based on popular vote.

## Resources
- Data Source: election_results.csv
- Software: Python 3.8.9, Visual Studio Code, 1.68.1

## Summary
The analysis of the election results show the following:
- The total number of votes in the election was 369,711
- There was a total of three candidates running in the election:
    - Charles Casper Stockham
    - Diana DeGette
    - Raymon Anthony Doane
- The individual candidate results were:
    - Charles Casper Stockham received 23.0% of the votes and had a total of 85,213 votes.
    - Diana DeGette received 73.8% of the votes and had a total of 272,892 votes.
    - Raymon Anthony Doane received 3.1% of the votes and had a total of 11,606 votes.
- The winner of the election was:
    - Diana DeGette who received 73.8% of the votes and had a total of 272,892 votes.

## Challenge Overview
For the Module 3 Challenge I needed to add new code that would give the client a summary of the county voter turnout for each county, and then show the summarized information of the county that had the highest turnout. 

## Challenge Summary
The analysis of the county results show the following:
- There was a total of three counties included in the election results
    - Arapahoe County
    - Denver County
    - Jefferson County
- The individual county results were:
    - Jefferson County had 10.5% of the votes with a total of 38,855 votes.
    - Denver County had 82.8% of the votes with a total of 306,055 votes.
    - Arapahoe County had 6.7% of the votes with a total of 24,801 votes.
- The county with the highest voter turnout was:
    - Denver County had the highest voter turnout with 306,055 votes which was 82.8% of the total votes.
